in the first time in Chile they live
white rhinos from
South Africa are in danger of extinction
threatened by illegal hunting for
get your horns highly valued in the
black market this week came a
couple at the wind show of santiago jana
oliver are in quarantine live
care by specialists probably
be presented in society in the month
September
It does not take off in one eye.
monitored in day and night almost as if
were in a reality show all the
efforts are concentrated so that
oliver and hannah adapt as soon as possible
to your new gas
clear because they are the first couple of
white rhinos that live chile is
a species that is in danger of
extinction they traveled 24 hours to get
they left on Monday from johannesburg
South Africa crossed the Atlantic made
a stopover in sao paulo a rainy day
and a large delegation were waiting for them in
Santiago
if you are welcome for these rhinoceroses
and since it's not been done for three weeks
They tried to get to Chile by Europe
but they were returned to south africa for
afraid to have them as passengers in
transit at a germany airport
this is the space that from now
will have in the windsor are more than a thousand
square meters especially
conditioned for them has a
pond of water and another so that it
wallow in the bass has been a birth and
a happy birth that has ended with two
amazing babies in the windsor this
white restaurant somehow it
have transformed into ambassadors of their
species here in the country ambassadors of
a species that is a victim of hunting
furtive his horns are 22 for purposes
medicinal products is estimated every year
killed 500 rhinos in Africa its
reproduction is slow every 4 years born
a baby when the parents are already
Adults
oliver and hannah are in quarantine what
which is part of their adaptation process
5 cameras record everything that the
24 hours a day is good because they are
really in worked the female is
lying down the male has been drinking
new drinkers as they passed the first
well good night they relaxed pretty
after the stress of the trip we saw them
sleeping rhinos quite well
they are monogamous they keep the same couple
forever
if one dies the other probably
he will also do it in the queen's or account
the days to present to oliver e jara
with drums and cymbals it is believed that
it could be in mid-September